Create template files for documentation (#2)
ansible-community/project-template: docs/index.md

# Ansible PROJECTNAME Documentation

> <Note to developer - this should be a short paragraph about your project and why someone would want to use it>

Reviewer: Global comment. Consider dropping the "Note to developer" thing. That just seems to add noise.

> <Note to developer - this should be a short paragraph about your project and why someone would want to use it>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a brief summary of the Ansible project and why someone would want to use it.
The summary should be two or three sentences long.
```
